Viewer doc (#142)
SPAAM-community/AMDirT: docs/source/how_to/viewer.md

> ⚠️ _If you wish to download the data, make sure you have already selected your 'Data download method' in the sidebar before pressing 'Validate selection'!_

> Once the select is validated, the library filtering table will appear below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the selection is validated, the library filtering table will appear below
```

![AMDirT libraries filtering table](images/amdirt-filter-libraries-table.png)

> You can proceed to select your libraries of choice (or all of them), and then click on 'Validate library selection'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can proceed to select your libraries of choice (or all of them) in the same way as the samples table. Once happy, you can then click on 'Validate library selection'
```
